readme update (#10)
Zubax/Komar: README.md

  * Industry-standard RC PWM input.
* Komar is built using highly reliable automotive-grade AEC-Q qualified components.

> <p align="center">
> <img src="pics/connectors leds.svg" alt="Komar connectors and LEDs placement" width="900"/>
> </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="pics/connectors leds.svg" alt="Komar connectors and LEDs placement" />
```

Эти тэги разве на что-нибудь вообще влияют? Картинка и так шириной 100%.

## Construction and usage

Komar itself consists of a power stage PCB with Mitochondrik and the housing (aluminum enclosure plus several plastic parts).
The PCB may use several optional 3D-printed parts that don't influence its properties directly, but may improve the overall user experience:

- Lightpipe
- Capacitor support

Please refer to the manufacturing manual for further information.

## Thermal performance

> Thermal simulation is performed under following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thermal simulation is performed under the following conditions:
```

@j3qq4hch почему вы не проверяете текст?

* The heat source is applied to the heatsink area where the PCB is placed. Its power is 78.5 W.

> It is a typical value of power losses in the Komar power stage when operating at a power level of 2500 W
> and powered from a discharged 12S battery (~40 V). This should represent the worst-case scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is a typical value of power losses in the Komar power stage when operating at a power level of 2500 W
  and powered from a discharged 12S battery (~40 V). This should represent the worst-case scenario.
```

> * Ambient temperature is 20 °C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ambient temperature is 20 °C.
```

> * Convection value of 350 is defined empirically after conducting several experiments with actual hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The convection value of 350 W/(m<sup>2</sup>K) is established empirically after conducting several experiments with real hardware.
```

> It may be considered a moderate convection estimation as during the laboratory testing the device mounting point was suboptimal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Here we should either specify what exactly makes the estimate pessimistic or we should say nothing.

>   <p align="center">
>   <img src="pics/thermal_performance.png" alt="Zubax Komar thermal performance" width="800"/>
>   </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="pics/thermal_performance.png" alt="Zubax Komar thermal performance" />
```

Тэги не имеют эффекта. И, пожалуйста, перестаньте ставить отступы перед картинками, они ломают форматирование.

Please refer to the manufacturing manual for further information.

## Thermal performance

Thermal simulation is performed under following conditions:

> * The heat source is applied to the heatsink area where the PCB is placed. Its power is 54 W. It is a typical value of power losses in the Komar power stage when operating at a power level of 2000 W and powered from a discharged 12S battery (~30 V). This should represent the worst-case scenario.

Reviewer 2: Длина строки.

> * Convection value of 300 is defined empirically after conducting several experiments with actual hardware. It may be considered a moderate convection estimation as during the laboratory testing the device mounting point was suboptimal.

Reviewer 2: Длина строки

* All the gate networks re-routed and greatly improved.
* All the LEDs grouped in one place; holes for mounting lightpipe added.
* Holes diameter for power supply wires soldering greatly increased to fit any 3.3 sqmm multi-stand wire.
* Holes diameter for phase wires increased to fit either any 2 sqmm multi-stand wire

> (in the case of motor soldering to the PCB) or 3.3 sqmm single-strand wire (if phase connectors are used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (in the case of motor soldering to the PCB) or 3.3 sqmm single-strand wire (if phase connectors are used).
```

* Overcurrent protection trip level increased 1.5 times to theoretical value of 200 A.

> In practice, however, overcurrent protection tends to trip at approx 20-30% lower current level due to themperature drift of the MOSFETs R<sub>DS(on)</sub> and RF noise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In practice, however, the overcurrent protection tends to trip at approx. 20-30% below the configured level
  due to the temperature drift of the MOSFETs R<sub>DS(on)</sub> and RF noise.
```

Fixing the grammar while we're at it.

* The housing itself is now mounted on the chassis using 4x M4 screws (was M3).
* Wall thickness of the top part of the housing increased from 1 to 1.6 mm.
* The connector window is slightly smaller now.

> * Totally different construction of the phase connector.
> It became much bigger and now should fit up to 6 mm bullet connectors (previously 3.5 mm bullet connectors were used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A totally different construction of the phase connector.
  It is much bigger and accepts bullet connectors up to 6 mm (previously, 3.5 mm bullet connectors were used).
```

Also fixing the old text here since we're editing it anyway.
